Adding and Editing Products 
---------------------------

To view and edit your products, select the **Products** icon in the
upper toolbar. Here you can import create and edit your products. You
can also edit filters and attributes in the toolbar.

.. figure::  https://i.gyazo.com/be86a733202151a1f8bacd3aa9d10173.png

Adding New Products
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a new product, click the **Add New Products** button on the top
right. The edit product options will allow you to select attributes of
the product so that it can be sorted by the customer (i.e. beds,
chairs). You can also insert the name, barcode SKU, price and thumbnail
URL.

Add a short description to your product with HTML formatting (85
characters). Add pricing information on the left, as well as sale
pricing on the right if applicable. To add an image to your new product,
click on the **Image** tab.

Click **Save** to save your new product and close the window. 

.. figure:: https://i.gyazo.com/7158d0544f2c1492c192d91a128c94ec.png


Sorting Products 
---------------------------

Using Attributes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Attributes are the options that you can categorize your products by (ex.
Size, color, finish). To view all of your available product attributes,
select the **Meta** icon to create and edit your attributes. There are
some automatically listed attributes. Simply click on the attribute to
edit the name, order, type, and group.

To add a new attribute, click on the** New Attributes**in the top right
corner. Here you can edit all fields of the attribute including label,
prop name (how the URL will appear), field type, display type,
associated group, and options.

Options will allow you to add dropdown options for you to assign to each
product. For example, if you are adding options to the “color”
attribute, your options would be all of your available product colors.
This will allow you to assign a color dropdown menu to each product so
that users can select a color.

All options for every product can be found and edited under **Attribute
Options** in the **Meta** toolbar.

Selecting Attribute Groups, Families, and Product Group
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Attribute groups can further categorize your products. You can select a
label and sort order to your attribute groups for users to selectively
view your products by attribute.

The product **Family** is the type of product listed. (e.g. Fans)

Using the toolbar, you can also edit attribute groups, options,
families, and categories to further distinguish and sort your products.

.. figure:: https://i.gyazo.com/8c44c62a8bb2481cd4e480d230a5ce26.png


Managing Orders 
----------------

Selecting Vendors and Shipping Dates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For each product, you can list which vendor the product will ship from.
To edit vendors, click on **Vendors** under **Meta** in the toolbar. To
add a new vendor click **Add New Vendor**. Here you can add a name and
number of items in stock. You can also enter shipping rules including
ship type, inventor position, process days, ERP Buffer Days, and Minimum
and Maximum ship days. Click **Save** to save new vendor.

Viewing Orders
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To view your orders click **Orders** in the product toolbar. Here you
can view all submitted orders